TODO
see https://github.com/thoughtbot/shoulda-matchers/blob/master/CONTRIBUTING.md for example

# Contributing



## Components
### Existing Components
When making changes to existing components, Unser that you continue to respect the three project philosophies noted in the following section. Please also adhere to the coding style that already exists in the files (four spaces for indentation, ASCII art headings for major sections, typically CAS/ JavaScript naming conventions, etc).

If you are adding a new feature to a component, please add a test case for that feature in the relevant `spec/specs/component-name.spec` file. Regardless of what changes you make, please ensure that all tests continue to pass by running `grunt tests` before committing your changes.

### New Components
#### Philosophy
Components should:

- Be responsive: all instances where a component can, in some way, be sized relative to the viewport, they should be.
- Be as semantic as possible and respect progressive enhancement: as many elements as are needed and no more. If only the HTML is loaded, is the semantic value of the component preserved?
- Be functional without JavaScript: if possible, the core purpose of the component should be available without JavaScript intervention. For example, the toggle switch component uses a label and checkbox so that it can continue to be toggled when no JavaScript is included.

#### Files
Each component must include three files, plus two optional files:

1. A `.haml` file containing the markup for the component (see the [Haml homepage](http://haml.info) or other comonents' `.haml` files if you are unfamiliar with the syntax) `src/components/your-component/your-component.haml`.

2. A `.scss` files containing the styles for the component (see the [Sass homepage](http://sass-lang.com) or other comonents' `.scss` files if you are unfamiliar with the syntax) at `src/components/your-component/your-component.scss`.

3. Another `.haml` file for the documentation of the API for that comonent. It should include all public-facing methods (if your component includes `javascript`) and an example of the HTML and CSS markup for that component (this piece is automatically generated for you, so you just have to include any clarification, usage examples, etc).

4. (optional) A `.coffee` file for the javascript required for your component (see the [CoffeeScript homepage](http://coffeescript.org) or other components' `.coffee` files if you are unfamiliar with the syntax) at `src/components/your-component/your-component.coffee`. See section "CoffeeScript" below for details on the coding style for javascript components.

5. (optional) If you include a `.coffee` file in your component, make sure to also include a test suite to cover the major features of that component. This should be done using the Jasmine testing framework (see the [Jasmine homepage](http://jasmine.github.io/2.0/introduction.html) if you are unfamiliar with the syntax). The main test file should be at `spec/your-component-spec.coffee`. You may also wish to include a Helper for that spec, which should be written in CoffeeScript and included at `spec/helpers/your-component-spec-helpers.coffee`, and a Fixture, which should be written in HTML and included at `spec/fixtures/your-component-spec-fixture.html`.

All component names should be in lowercase with hyphens (no underscores or camelcase). The top level HTML class name for the component should correspond to the component name. All of the above components can be automatically generated by running `ruby bin/new_component.rb component-name` from the root directory of the project.

If a `coffeescript` file is included as part of your component, the class names should be the camelcase version of your component name; if the component includes some sort of controller, the class name should be `ComponentNameController`. For example, the `toggle-switch` component has two `coffeescript` classes: `ToggleSwitch` (to represent a single component) and `ToggleSwitchController` (to represent the controller of all such components on a page). See below for more details on the expectations for `coffeescript` components.

##### CoffeeScript
TODO
See the other `coffeescript` component files for more examples of how the components should be structured.

##### Sass
If a visual property can be set in a stylesheet and in JavaScript, please use the stylesheet. This includes even complex properties like layout, transitions, width, height, offsets, etc. JavaScript should be used as a last resort for setting visual styles.
